hello this third vocal lesson
for beginners vocalists especially for
those vocalists who play the guitar
and so in this lesson we look at this
the act is just petka what is it all
What is the need for a breakdown of what to do
so descant need to before
warm up your ligaments by singing that is
such a warm-up probably remember there on
physical education classes at school we first
knead there gym when you go
and before any kind of loads you
warm up there knead the muscles and
tendons and everything else
Wogan have the same warm-up and
she is called chanting ie chanting
need to warm our
bundles check and our systems and only
after that, start singing full
power and so i will give a very simple chanting
which everyone can probably do
so let's go and if you watched the video by
my 8 video school bugs Daria there we
studied scales and we will need yours was
homo. incomplete
a 1 5 notes
I repeat for those who do not know how to play
major scale is acceptable when we play
bob 5 frets 6 countries and limit 5 by 6
then 7 form
Then we play on 5 4 5 and 7 not back and
so you should already be able to more or less
get inside that is at least
understand what it is and now we will
get inside which we will play
parallel to our singing that is, we
let's play it inside
50 and we will punch them
how it is done just take man's syllable
em a man and every note we drink
with this word, that is, there up or down
show first do it slower then
there is every touch punch about
look for sound slowly and clearly
experiment as you will
more convenient how better I will beat very
loud as people sleep with me
so I won't wake up the next room
it was easy for you to hum
understand it when you succeed
We need to sing these five notes
move on that is taller and so
go and not just go to
climb it its such a piece that is
that is, they repeat just about that
next to last
and this also needs to be pierced, that is, if
you play exactly as I will now
showed that is all notes
exactly played up and down but without
any balls to we just remove
flagship circular each note following
that is, you get 7
Further 8 here as I will explain why not 9
They want to, but it seems to take 9 explain
why day 9
because we go exactly that is
burnt scale that is, we will start if
but just for home
9 from 2 to its sharp
she should not much
next we need to take 10 here to win
not very comfortable anymore so we'll take
the same minute there which is on the fifth fret
here to the other side just play and
so let's go all over again at home 2
mother mother
right at home mom pro
and so yes where you can find reach
until about transient but you that is on
some kind of gardens and your voice will start
ends that is, there will already be
transition to the patient that is, you like all
will sing high
here it is not necessary to find at all for this
the moment when we break up that is
a little limiting dynamo that completely
sing high because you can hurt
bundles
that is, we bring a little bit about
early here of our limit
stop and go back and from where
each have their own range different
voice type is different so everyone is there
limit note will be a different transition
and lower but it will be different that is who
then and so will not be able to take which we
we start this one and this will be someone
there may be some middle ground
bass that is, you can start such an average
everyone starts to watch he
positional can still take on by
let's say but many people are stupid
network and still advise dosage vova
more or less but a lower voice there
lower average let's say I have to go
just wanted to punch and try
there are many things let's say fame can still be
there she is nature I will not leave any
no, you can do the same thing lost
note one octave higher
again but below the metal that is here at
us on peat and a 5 country
8 Well, try singing and
further d
but it is also quite English
principle is to take if someone has a voice
see below
leave everyone thanks for watching
subscribe to the channel put likes
write comments about what you would like
hear in the next lesson what
for you it remains incomprehensible I will try
you answer either in the next lesson
shoot as a video response all thanks to all
until